Today our first auction item is an eyeball from the East China Sea.
No. 1 pearl, but that’s nothing special?
It allows you to save us a bitter life.
It’s just a matter of hearing the greeting for dinner and leaving,
Let’s compare and write about getting healthier again.
This stock, stock, stock, stock, stock, stock, stock, stock, stock, stock, stock, stock, stock, stock, stock, stock, stock, stock, stock, stock, stock.
Stock, stock, stock, stock, stock, stock, stock, stock, stock, stock, stock, stock, stock.
stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock
You move out another 50,000 yuan
1.9 million
One million nine hundred and two million
Two million and one million
Two million and two million
Two million and three hundred thousand
Two and a half million
It's this kind of punch
You don’t want to send everyone as well
It's not that you can't
if you have someone
You call me first
You attack alone
Don't you think four million people will die?